Akira entered the floor manager's office, a spacious but dimly lit room in contrast to the rest of the cafe. Makoto was sitting at the floor manager's desk, pencil in one hand, working on a thick ledger. She seemed to be lost in work, not noticing him. He took a moment to admire her, wearing a simple red maid outfit with a lace up front and black tights.

"Isn't this the floor manager's job?" Akira said casually as we walked up to the Makoto. He smiled as she was visibly startled. He walked around to Makoto's side of the desk and hopped up, sitting next to the ledger, facing her, his legs dangling.

"Well... if you want something done right..." Makoto started, briefly frowning at the large book of numbers before turning to Akira and smiling. "By the way, you'll be happy to know you placed third on our floor last month, behind Ann and Yusuke."

"It must be the monocle."

"I don't think it was the monocle."

Akira considered pressing the issue but thought better of it. "So how many more do I need to beat Yusuke?"

Makoto almost started saying something several times. She looked like she was having difficulty choosing her words. Akira decided to let her off the hook. "I see. Bad luck to be on the same floor as the cafe's top butler."

"Actually..." Makoto smiled apologetically. "The cafe's top butler is Akechi Goro up on floor eight."

Akira grimaced. Of course.

"So I'm guessing you didn't come in here just to check on your stats."

Akira thought about telling Makoto about her waiting customer, but decided the stiff could wait a little longer. He leaned a little closer to Makoto, grinning. "No, I came here to see you."

Makoto turned to him at full attention, a soft blush spreading on her cheeks. "S-stop teasing me. I'm not one of your princesses."

"So it's okay if I mean it then?"

Makoto stared at him, her eyes searching his, her lips parted slightly, as if preparing to ask a question that never came. Akira looked for any sign of an answer, becoming very aware of the sounds of blood and adrenaline coursing through him. He reached to her, first brushing a stray hair behind her ear and then letting his hand linger on her cheek, her warmth permeating through his glove. She didn't pull back. He ran his hand along her jawline, tilting her face towards him as he leaned in closer and-

"Guys! Something's not right!" Ryuji burst into the floor office, Yusuke and Futaba behind him. "What are you doing?"

"P-Practicing!" Makoto had somehow managed to jump out of her chair and land a meter away. Her face was flush. Akira felt an uncomfortable knot form in his chest. How was he supposed to interpret that?

Turning to the others, Akira quickly changed the subject. "What's wrong?"

"None of this is real," Yusuke stated calmly.

"What do you mean?"

"This! This whole thing," Ryuji started. "We don't work at a maid and butler cafe. We never have. Just look at this place. It doesn't even make any sense."

"What...?" Makoto brought her fingers to her forehead.

"Think about it," said Yusuke. "When did we start working here? Why did we take these jobs? How is it we all work together? Why does a maid cafe of this size exist?"

"How did we ever convince Futuba to do this?" Ryuji added. Futuba nodded vigorously.

Akira searched his memory for answers, but every time he felt a hint of a clue, it never materialized. His head hurt. Everything had felt so real but the more he searched, the more the world around him seemed off, fake. They were right, this wasn't real.

"Then..." Makoto seemed to have come to the conclusion at the same time.

"This is a palace," said Futuba.

"I-I don't remember us..." Makoto was still holding her head.

"Neither do we," said Ryuji. "The last thing I remember was running with the track team."

"I was working on a painting," said Yusuke.

"Then how did we get here?" asked Akira. The last thing he remembered was needing to get to the school library. He felt there was something else, but it wasn't coming to him.

"And why were we..." Makoto started, reddening again. After a pause, she continued. "It was like we were playing to someone else's scenario. Like our own hearts were being changed..."

The looping thread in Akira's consciousness, that he had almost kissed Makoto, came to the forefront. What had he been thinking? He couldn't pursue Makoto. He had thought through this before. One, she probably would punch him, really hard. Two, it was too great a risk to the Phantom Thieves dynamic, whether it was successful or not. The team had been operating from one crisis to the next. They had to be at the top of their game.

Makoto began pacing back and forth, the mary janes of her maid uniform thumping softly on the carpet. "Why are we in these costumes... even after realizing this is a palace? Who's palace is this?"

"We don't know," said Futuba.

"It may be that this palace represents a stronger distortion than we've ever dealt with," Makoto continued to pace. "Or, this could be the changed tactics of the enemy. Either way, there is a strong likelihood the one in the black mask is here—drawn in like we were or the cause of it. We need to be careful. Where's Mona? He may have some idea of what this is."

"Necronomicon doesn't pick him up near here. He might be on another floor," said Futaba.

"Let's get Panther and Noir first," said Akira. "Then we look for Mona and the source of this palace."

––––– ––––– –––––

Haru hummed to herself softly as she walked around her tables holding her latest pot of coffee. Fortunately, her customers seemed to find her musical additions endearing, despite the fact they came to read the news, chat amongst themselves, and work on their laptops. She was feeling particularly proud because the brew was created from beans she had raised from the soil up. Seeing her customers breath in the aroma and smile was particularly gratifying.

Ann, a section over, was a whirlwind of activity, somehow maintaining the demands of her ever increasing popularity. Haru preferred her more mellow customers, even if it meant she would never rank above third on the floor. Still, Haru could tell it was a special day for Ann. Her friend from modeling, Mika, was visiting and Ann clearly appreciated her show of support.

Akira and the others approached Ann. It was strange, didn't they need to be tending to their own sections? They looked somewhat grim and whatever they were saying to Ann was clearly upsetting her. Haru wondered if she should join the group.

"Haru-chan! I must have another cup!"

"Certainly Master!" Haru glided over to her customer. She would have to see what that was all about later.

After checking on a few more customers and starting another pot of coffee brewing, Haru looked over to Ann's section. They were still talking, right in front of the customers too. Haru bit her lip, if the floor manager were to see this, what would he say?

Ann's expression changed from confused to shocked. Haru rubbed her eyes. It looked like Mika and a few of the other customers in the section faded away. Had she just imagined it? That couldn't have happened. She felt pressure building in her temples. She must have been seeing things.

Soon, the group came over to Haru's section.

"Everyone," said Haru trepidatiously. "What are you doing? In front of the customers..."

"There are no customers," said Akira. "This isn't real."

"What?"

"The customers, our jobs, the cafe—all of it. This is a palace."

"A palace?" The way Akira seemed to use that word seemed familiar. She laughed nervously. "What are you talking about? We're plainly at a cafe. We're all in uniform. You should get back to your sections. Your fans are waiting."

"No Haru ...or rather, Noir," Akira looked her in the eye, his expression dead serious. "Can you tell me why you took this job? When you started?"

Noir... that named seemed familiar too. Haru brushed it aside. She spoke adamantly. "I've always wanted to have a cafe. I've been cultivating coffee beans for this very purpose. The atmosphere here... I created this."

"Look at the rest of the cafe. Does this match your atmosphere?"

Haru compared her section, a cozy coffee shop, to the pink and gold of the rest of the cafe. It was strange. Hadn't she wanted a corner shop? No. No, it was fine. "You're free to do what you want with your own sections. My customers enjoy mine."

"What are all of you doing!?" It was the floor manager, an older man in a classic butler outfit. "Get back to work."

"A shadow!" Futaba shouted. Haru thought she saw a red pair of goggles appear on her for a second.

The floor manager leaned backwards, arching in a way no human should be able to do. He burst into an inky mess of black and red before re-forming as a monster, a fire-breathing man with missing forearms and shins. The monster floated in the air, shooting fire at her friends. Haru screamed as Yusuke was sent flying toward the wall.

"Wanna try that on me?" Ann leaped into the monster's line of sight, suddenly brandishing a whip. She taunted the monster and lashed at him.

Not knowing what to do, Haru ran over to Yusuke. Makoto did the same.

"Johanna!" Makoto called. An ethereal blue motorcycle sped in from no where and Makoto hopped upon it. Swirls of white encircled Yusuke.

"Makoto! Your skirt!" Haru exclaimed.

"Huh? ...Oh!" Makoto pulled her skirt down, the motorcycle disappeared beneath her. She landed on her bottom with a thud.

Haru crawled over to where Makoto had landed and whispered. "I don't think anyone saw. ...what's happening?"

"We've been trying to tell you. This is a palace. Shadows attack us here."

Yusuke groaned, rising to his feet. Makoto hopped up, standing in front of him. "Don't. Let us handle it. He'll fry you."

Makoto ran off to join the others, giant spiky knuckles having appeared on her hands. The next time her motorcycle showed up, she seemed to have figured out how sit on it in a skirt. Ryuji was swinging at the monster with a giant bat. Akira seemed to be summoning monsters of his own and with them all manner of magic. Futaba stood off to the side, near the railing. A UFO hovered behind her in the atrium.

Haru held her head. Nothing made sense and everything hurt. She winced seeing her friends taking a beating from the monster. Suddenly, she realized no one was taking care of the customers! She scanned the room for them, expecting to see frightened faces... instead, none of them acknowledged what was going on at all.

It was because they weren't real.

A few more of the customers, Haru's favorites, faded away. Resolved, she held out her arm, the handle of a giant hammer appearing in her hand. She walked towards the battle.

"Milady!" Circular shields appeared before all of her friends.

"Welcome back Noir!" Ann shouted with a smile.

Haru nodded in acknowledgement and readied her hammer.

––––– ––––– –––––

The Phantom Thieves exited the cafe, having traversed from the fifth floor where they started to the ground. Futaba had been unable to locate Morgana so far, meaning he was either on one of the upper floors or had not entered the palace at all.

"It looks like we can return to the real world from here," said Futaba.

"I rather not leave without Mona," said Akira.

"Do you hear that?" asked Haru.

"What?"

"Nothing," Haru smiled. "No birds. No insects. There's nothing."

"That's normal for a palace."

"Indeed... but maybe that's why Mona isn't here. Whatever cognition drew us here wasn't considering cats. He might not be here at all."

"If we leave, can we get back inside?" asked Ann.

"Unlikely," said Yusuke. "We don't know whose palace this is."

"We may need to start negotiating with shadows to find out," said Akira. "Whoever it is doesn't yet see us as a threat. "

"Shouldn't we have turned back into our normal clothes at least?" asked Ryuji. He tugged at his collar. "I hate this thing."

"Indeed, it's strange that we still have not, even after battling the floor manager. We must be facing a very strong cognition," said Makoto. She turned to Akira in full advisor mode. "Taking on this palace will be extremely rough on you Joker. Without Mona, you'll have to cover bless, curse, and wind alone. We're also lacking in healing capabilities, armor, ammunition, and supplies."

"I know, but we can't risk leaving Mona."

Makoto smiled. "I would prefer to search for Mona as well."

"Me too," said Ryuji. The rest of the Phantom Thieves indicated agreement.

"Good," said Akira. "We'll take a short rest and then take on the rest of this palace."

While the others rested, Akira intended to visit the Velvet Room. Usually he was able to enter near the entrances to palaces. He hadn't noticed the blue barred door when the group had walked outside. He looked around again, spotting it to the left of the cafe's grand entrance. He stepped inside.

"Welcome to the Velvet Room." The bars. The chains. The smirk of the long nosed man. The otherworldly gaze of twin golden eyes. Feeling a stronger sensation of vertigo than normal, Akira closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose.

"Hey! Inmate!" Caroline's voice broke through Akira's thoughts. "Don't just stand there. State your business."

"The palace-" Akira began.

"Yes, an interesting turn of events," Igor stated. "A palace you did not enter of your own will."

Akira had questions, but did not interrupt. He had long since learned that Igor rarely answered. Akira was in luck however, as cryptic as he may be, Igor had just confirmed that the team's appearance in the palace was not an accident as Kamoshida's palace had been.

"...A force overpowering your own spirit of rebellion," Igor continued. "This too may aid with your rehabilitation."

––––– ––––– –––––

One thing that wasn't too different about this palace was that the enemies seemed to get harder the further the Phantom Thieves progressed. At the same time, the stronger shadows were more likely to mention information about the palace's owner in passing. Ann held her submachine gun steadily at the defeated shadow, a learned looking man encased in icy green crystal. As he retreated, he spoke. "Why must you disobey poor Fujita-chan?"

"That pretty much confirms it," said Ann. "This palace must belong to Fujita Nanoha, the television star."

"She's so cute!" said Ryuji excitedly.

Ann found herself feeling annoyed. "She won't be cute if we have to face her shadow."

"But, I don't remember her bein' in the top ten on the Phan-Site. I would've remember'd."

"We'll have to investigate this further in the real world," said Makoto. "What if she's not doing anything wrong?"

"We won't know until we get out of here," said Akira. "Any sign of Mona?"

Futaba shook her head no.

The group approached the stairway to the next floor, hiding behind one of the tables before proceeding.

"It looks like there's another floor manager there," said Haru. "I don't see a way to sneak up on him."

"He's strong," warned Futaba.

"Another one so soon? Aw, come on," whined Ryuji.

"We don't have a choice," said Akira. "Let's go."

The floor manager transformed into a pool of water, a nude woman with large elf ears and blond hair taking shape from it.

"Stay back Panther!" Makoto called to her. Ann dodged the spikes of ice the shadow sent flying her way. She hated to be out of the action, but she didn't want to hold back the team either. She took a positions against the railing, not too far from Futaba.

The shadow continued to unleash massive ice attacks. Akira and the others were being pushed back.

"They're gonna need some help!" Futaba's goggles appeared on her face. She raised her arms, fiddling with screens only she could see.

Just then, another spray of icy was sent forth from the shadow. A particularly large spike made it through the others, headed right for Futaba.

"Oracle, get down!" Ann leapt toward Futaba, pushing the small girl out of the way. She was just a moment too late for herself though, the ice spike clipping her side. Carmen wailed inside her. Jolted, Ann spun in midair, sending her over the seventh floor railing. She heard her teammates yelling her code name as she fell... and one, louder than them all, yelling her real one. On hearing that voice, she felt a small twinge of regret.

Surprisingly, to Ann at least, she did not hit the ground. Instead, a warm wind halted her fall. She soon found herself back on the fifth floor, in the arms of a man in a gold mask.

"Ann, are you hurt?" The voice was familiar. The new student. Jin.

"Jin! What are you doing here?"

"Saving a beautiful woman," he smiled.

"Oh. Right. Thanks," Ann began to disentangle herself from his arms as he helped her to the ground. Once righted on the floor, Ann had a closer look at him. He wore a tuxedo and gold gloves. His mask resembled the top half of the drama mask of comedy, with laughing eyes and the ends of golden ties hanging from holes at the temple. Behind him, his persona lingered, a mischievous-looking elf with horns, clad in a sheath of animal skins and leaves. Her eyes returned to his face, finding him smiling at her gently. She felt her cheeks warm. She didn't know what to say.

The Phantom Thieves came running down the stairs. Ryuji was first, bounding several steps at a time. Akira was not far behind him. The two passed right by them in their hurry down the next flight.

"Guys! Wait! She's right here!" shouted Futaba as she reached the fifth floor. "She's okay!"

Haru ran up to Ann and squeezed her. "Oh my goodness An—Panther! I was so worried!"

"Panther?" asked Jin.

"I don't think there's much point in code names when we're dressed like this," said Ann, holding out the ends of her maid skirt.

"Who's this?" asked Yusuke as Akira and Ryuji caught up with the group.

"Kurusu Jin," the transfer student bowed slightly. "I'm Ann's classmate."

"How did you get here?" Makoto began interrogating him. "Why are you dressed like that?"

"I don't know and I don't know," Jin responded. "One moment I was at school, the next moment I was here. The outfit seems to come with Puck."

"Puck?"

"This little guy, right here," Jin motioned to the elf.

"And where did you and this Puck meet?" Makoto continued. Ann felt a little uneasy about Makoto's tone, given the guy had just saved her life.

"This may be hard to believe, but a few weeks ago I found myself in a spaceship filled with demons—much like the ones here. Puck saved me," Jin looked as embarrassed as someone behind a mask could. His expression then turned serious. "Now, Miss President, I think I deserve some answers from you. How did you get here? Why are you dressed like that?"

"My answers are the same as yours," Makoto dodged.

"We can escort you to the exit if you'd like," Akira changed the subject.

"Why haven't you left?" Jin asked.

"I'm looking for my lost cat."

"Seriously?" Jin chuckled. "This gets curiouser all the time."

"Look," said Ryuji, not hiding his annoyance. "You're new at this. Do you want our help gettin' out of here or not?"

"I rather stay by Ann."

"This is really dangerous," said Haru. "It would be better if-"

"All the more reason to stay by Ann."

"How does this not bother you?" Makoto whispered to Ann as the conversation went in circles.

Ann shrugged. "I've talked to him in class. He seems sincere and he's not stopping me from doing anything."

"Well we need to move."

"Then let's take him with us. We need more wind support anyway."

––––– ––––– –––––

Having already once cleared the lower floors of shadows and dealt with the floor managers, the group made good pace back to the seventh floor. Makoto kept her attention on Jin. It was strange that he wore a mask while the rest of them didn't. It was also strange that he was so adept at using both his persona and his rapier though he claimed to have only awakened to the ability recently.

Makoto was thankful however to take some of the burden off of Akira. She had noticed their leader sway a bit after their battle with the seventh floor manager. He would never admit to being tired, especially when they were still searching for Morgana, but Makoto had learned to look for the signs. At the very least, Jin was letting Akira conserve energy. Morgana had once mentioned to her that Akira seemed to attract persona users at the most convenient times. The entire team had been assembled that way. Was gaining a wind user right when Morgana went missing another facet of this?

Like Zorro, Puck possessed powerful wind magic. However, unlike Zorro, Puck had no healing capabilities, meaning it was up to Akira and Makoto herself, and to a lesser extent Ann. Instead, and perhaps to no surprise, Puck could inflict a variety of conditions on his victims—sleep, confusion, charm. Though she had seen Akira, Ann, and even Yusuke use these abilities to good effect in battle, having a relative unknown wield them was unsettling. After all, the Phantom Thieves had experienced a mass confusion event upon entering the palace.

Makoto thought back to the way Akira had leaned into her, so close she could feel the warmth of his breath, as if he was going to... No. She shook her head. It didn't matter. He wasn't being himself. She had to focus.

The Phantom Thieves ascended the staircase to the eighth floor. Based on the map they had found at the entrance, they were getting close to having explored the entire palace. If they didn't find Morgana, they would have to hope he was still in the real world. Like the floors before it, the eighth floor was inhabited by maids, butlers, and patrons. The key was that some of the maids and butlers were shadows. Makoto thought for a moment—was this why they had ended up in the palace? Had their personas been summoned like shadows?

Akira seemed to be focusing on an area opposite the staircase. Makoto followed his gaze over the atrium. Akechi.

"Well, I guess that confirms it," said Ryuji. The Phantom Thieves had suspected Akechi could enter the Metaverse since long before Makoto had joined. That made him the number one suspect for the one in black that Kaneshiro had warned them about, though that was before they had met Jin.

"Is he aware?" Ann asked.

"Doesn't seem to be," said Ryuji. "Look at him tendin' to all those girls."

"No mask either," said Futaba.

"We can't just leave him here," said Akira.

"We should be careful," said Makoto.

Akira nodded.

Walking around the floor served a dual purpose of allowing Futaba to confirm her assessment that Morgana wasn't on the eighth floor either.

Akechi looked up at the group as they approached. "Ah, I thought you might be here... Phantom Thieves."

The group was poor at hiding their shock. Makoto frowned. She should have prepared them before they walked over. Akechi was no doubt learning much from their body language, expressions, and soon, words. Makoto tried to get ahead of it in as terse a manner as possible. "You knew?"

"I suspected for a long time, but was only able to prove it once I saw you outside of the Okumura Foods headquarters. If my cell phone worked here, I would show you the nice photos I have of Kitagawa-san and Takamaki-san vanishing into thin air."

"I staked out the building," Akechi continued. "The next time, I was caught up with you and found myself in that strange sci-fi world. After seeing you fight, I was able to meet my Robin and do the same."

"So why haven't you turned us in?" Yusuke asked.

"Because while you've declared some of your crimes, I'm still not certain whether you're behind the psychotic breakdowns. In fact, it seems less and less likely you are."

"We're not! Taking down that guy is our priority too!" Ryuji was hot-blooded as always. Makoto cringed internally. Giving Akechi anything to work with was risky.

"Is that so?" Akechi brought his hand to his chin and looked down. After a moment, he looked straight at Akira. "I propose a deal. We search for the source of the psychotic breakdowns together. Once the perpetrator is caught, you will disband the Phantom Thieves. In return, I'll keep this quiet."

Makoto stepped in line with Akira. "We don't have much choice."

"I accept," Akira's expression was unwavering. For a second, Makoto thought she saw his butler uniform fade and his Phantom Thief attire appear.

"Splendid!" Akechi flashed an earnest-looking smile which slowly fell back to his regular air of all-knowing. "But don't think for a moment you aren't suspects."

The statement hung in the air.

"Why're you still servin' tea?" Ryuji asked incredulously, breaking the tension. The group looked down and noticed Akechi was still holding a teapot.

"Ah," the soft smile Akechi traded on appeared. "This is a long way from the exit. I thought I would blend in until I could be assured of my safe retreat. It's convenient you came by."

"How did you get here?" asked Makoto.

"I just found myself here. I thought it was your doing."

"You didn't think you worked here?" Ryuji asked. Makoto cringed internally, again. It was hard to set traps with Ryuji around.

"Well, yes, at the very beginning but there were so many oddities it quickly became obvious it wasn't real." Akechi certainly had a way of making people feel inferior.

"Let's go, we've lingered too long," said Akira.

The group ascended to the ninth floor. Akechi expressed some confusion but seemed all the more amused when they told him they were searching for a cat. Morgana wasn't to be found on the ninth floor either. Finally, they ascended to the penthouse, a much smaller suite sitting on only one side of the building. Morgana wasn't there either and neither was Fujita Nanoha. However, the amorphous form of a treasure was present.

It was strange. Instead of being the softly undulating iridescent form like the previous palaces, this treasure reverberated at a much higher frequency, seeming to form spikes. The colors seemed brighter. Something was off, just like the rest of the palace.

"I hope Mona is okay," Haru's worried voice interrupted Makoto's thoughts. "He would be so happy we secured an infiltration route."

"I hope so too."

Author's Note: All the shadows are taken from the other Persona games. Can you recognize them?
