Morgana trotted through the alleys of Yongen-jaya, his feet lightly treading fence tops and window sills. This late at night there were few lights from the buildings. The ward was instead cast in the glow of the moon. Akira had long since gone to sleep, resting up for the big group party the following day. It had been a while since Morgana had last gone exploring in Yongen-jaya. He rarely indulged, thinking the act too "cat"-like, but this night he felt the overwhelming urge.

"Here kitty kitty kitty." A man's voice was calling.

Hmph, thought Morgana, continuing to lightly pad along a fence. As if I would respond to that.

"Here kitty kitty kitty." The voice called again. Morgana refused to acknowledge it.

After a pause, the voice spoke again. "I know how you can become human."

Morgana stopped and looked up, his eyes glowing in the moonlight and his ears twitching, attempting to locate the voice's owner.

"Here kitty kitty kitty."

––––– ––––– –––––

Fireworks punctuated the Phantom Thieves' party at Destinyland. Akira watched as the colors lit his friends' happy faces. Ryuji, Ann, and Futaba had really gotten into the Land of Dreams, wearing festive headbands and fighting like kids. Makoto and Yusuke both seemed to be mesmerized by the sights. Haru seemed to be enjoying playing host, though the party was in her honor. Even Morgana, who had been acting strange as of late, was enjoying the festivities.

"Hey, isn't it almost time?" Ann checked her phone. "You know, for the press conference."

The rest of the Phantom Thieves followed suit, taking out their own phones to watch Haru's father's change of heart. The elder Okumura admitted to the working conditions throughout the Okumura conglomerate and took full responsibility. He also admitted to requesting hits on competitors. While the media had long been aware of the simmering labor scandal, the use of such aggressive tactics was new information. The press bombarded Okumura with questions.

The Phantom Thieves stared into their phones, flummoxed.

"It looks like Okumura didn't know who he contracting," Morgana frowned.

"Awww, this means we're back to square one!" Ryuji was clearly frustrated.

"Worse yet," said Makoto. "This is going to drive whoever is behind the shutdowns to change their tactics."

Each student looked down across the remains of their dinner.

"Oh! We should still celebrate," Makoto said quickly. "Conditions are going to improve for numerous workers... and I'm really relieved for Haru."

"Thank you," Haru said meekly.

"Aw yeah, we did good," said Ryuji. He held up his phone. "The Phan-Site is already buzzin' with our success. Look how popular we are now. Just cuz we don't got a lead on the mental shutdowns, doesn't mean we can't help people."

"Definitely!" Haru smiled.

"We should give the Phan-Site a few days to stabilize, then see if it has any leads," said Makoto.

Akira nodded in agreement. "In the mean time, Futaba, can you look into whoever Okumura could have been contracting?"

"Mmmm, I've been trying, but maybe this is the plot point I need to level up!"

Just then, a large amount of popping interrupted the group. The grand finale of the fireworks show had begun. The Phantom Thieves looked up as bursts of color and light took over the sky. Akira looked over at Makoto and watched the different hues light her face. He lingered a little too long as she noticed, turning towards him. Her expression was momentarily questioning, but soon became a reassuring smile before returning to the firework display.

The Phantom Thieves adjourned shortly thereafter. Individual black cars, each attended by a driver in a suit, were waiting for them in the park's large horseshoe entranceway. Haru really lived in a different world than the rest of them.

As Akira moved to get into one of the cars, he felt a tug at his sleeve. It was Haru.

"I know this wasn't the ideal outcome," Haru said, looking down and to the side before turning to him. "But it really meant a lot to me. I have my father and my future back. So, thank you, both of you."

With that, Haru kissed Akira on the cheek and Morgana on his forehead. She smiled sweetly and then rushed off to her own private car. Akira stared for a moment, placing his hand on his cheek.

––––– ––––– –––––

"Attention class, we have a new transfer student," Ms. Kawakami stood at the front of the classroom next to a boy in a Shujin uniform. His long black hair was tied in a ponytail at the nape of his neck with a gold ribbon. The boy had an confident, yet easy-going smile and wore his jacket open over the standard white turtleneck.

"I'm Kurusu Jin, nice to meet you," the student bowed politely.

The class immediately started murmuring.

"Kurusu? Do you think they're related? They look similar."

"Why is he transferring so late in the year?"

"Look at his eyes. Is he a foreigner?"

"Right before midterms? Bad luck."

"He looks like Kurusu with better hair."

Upon hearing the last comment, Akira toyed with the lock of hair that hung between his eyes. The new student was either gifted with straight hair or used a lot of product.

"That's not the only difference," Morgana offered. "He also doesn't need glasses and is taller than you."

Akira frowned at the cat. Ann turned and looked at him, her question obvious on her face. Akira shrugged.

"That's enough," Ms. Kawakami quieted the class. She turned to Kurusu Jin. "Why don't you take that open seat over there, next to Takamaki-san."

Turning to Ann as he took his seat, the new student smiled even more charmingly. He took her hand into his and kissed her finger tips. Ann seemed to be taken aback by his forwardness. The rest of the class burst into chatter again.

"Oh of course it's always Takamaki."

"His funeral."

"I'm not giving up!"

The transfer student then turned to Akira. "It seems we have the same name, so please call me Jin."

"He's not afraid of Kurusu?"

"He's so weird!"

"I'm still not giving up!"

"I said that's enough," Ms. Kawakami reiterated, louder. "Now everyone turn to page 347..."

––––– ––––– –––––

"Each class needs to fill out this form as confirmation of their festival activity," Makoto told her fellow student council members. "Check if the class representatives are still here. If not, place the form in their homeroom teacher's box. Wada, you do the first years. Hasegawa, you do the third years. I'll take the second years."

"Wouldn't it make more sense for me to do the second years?" asked Hasegawa, being a second year herself.

"This is a great chance to introduce yourself to the third year teachers," Makoto's smile communicated that Hasegawa would be sorry if she pressed it further.

The three students exited the student council office. Wada and Hasegawa took off immediately. Makoto paused for a moment, overhearing the students gossiping in the hallway. News of the transfer student had spread fast and rumors even faster. Some were sure he was a relative of Akira's, sent to keep him out of further trouble. Some claimed he had princess-carried Ann off during lunch. Some suggested he was from an exotic European country. Some were sure the Kurusu family had something to do with the yakuza. Absolutely no one suggested he was just some regular guy with the same family name.

"Maaa-Kooo-Chan~" Haru snuck up behind Makoto, poking both sides of her waist.

"Kyaa!"

"You're so cute!" Haru giggled and then looked at the print-outs Makoto was holding. "Whatcha doing?"

"These are forms for the school festival," Makoto tried to brush off her earlier lack of grace. "I need to take these to the second year representatives."

"I see," said Haru. "I'll come with. I want to see the new transfer student."

Haru followed Makoto to the second floor. Makoto had planned to quickly handle class 2-A first, but Haru stopped at the 2-B windows, looking in.

"He really does look like Akira," Haru said excitedly. "Though... he looks more like Akira does in the Metaverse."

Makoto looked through the window. Haru was right. The new student had that same air of confidence that Akira only let show among Phantom Thieves.

"Come on, let's go in and say hi!" Haru's enthusiasm was infectious. It was a wonder she could put on such a face given her father was likely facing conspiracy charges. Makoto sighed and pulled the class 2-B form from her stack.

When Makoto and Haru entered the room, the class representative was discussing class policies with the transfer student. Akira and Ann were still in their seats. Ryuji had joined them, sitting across from Ann. He was already wearing his gym uniform, having started running with the track team on occasion, though not joining them as he prioritized his work with the Phantom Thieves.

"He seems suspicious," Ryuji said, his eyes falling on the transfer student.

"Shhhh," said Ann.

"Hey Makoto, Haru," Ryuji noticed the third years first. "Come to see the transfer student?"

"I'm here on student council business." "Yes." Makoto and Haru spoke simultaneously.

Haru turned to Akira. "Are you sure you're not related?"

Akira pinched the bridge of his nose and appeared to be thinking for a moment before shaking his head.

"Ah Akira, Ann, are these your friends?" the transfer student approached them. "I'm Kurusu Jin—please call me Jin."

As Jin reached for Makoto's hand, Akira put his own hand on the new student's forearm. "That's a little out of place here."

Makoto looked at Akira curiously before turning to Jin. "I'm Niijima Makoto. I'm president of the student council. Welcome to Shujin Academy."

"Thank you," Jin smiled. He was charming as described.

"You'll have to pardon me, I need to speak with Watanabe-san," Makoto excused herself. As she walked across the classroom, she overhead Haru and Ryuji introducing themselves. A few girls in the class were looking on. The new student was certainly flashy, but something made Makoto feel uneasy. Why was he so interested in them?

––––– ––––– –––––

The next few days passed rather uneventfully at school with the new normal of Jin taking every opportunity to chat with Ann. Akira was surprised that Ann didn't tell Jin to go away. All this time, had she kept the boys at bay with a standoffish look alone?

With no pressing palace concerns, Akira was able to catch up on errands like gun maintenance and infiltration tool crafting, not to mention studying for exams. Morgana had been going out a lot at night recently, to the point of sleeping through the day and skipping school, allowing Akira to stay up later than he would normally.

When school let out for the day, Akira headed to the library to exchange books. The hallways were busier than usual with students preparing for the school festival. Akira navigated the crowd, coming to a halt as a group of students carried what looked like a large set piece from the practice building towards the 2-C classroom.

As Akira waited, he noticed an odd shadow on the floor. It looked a bit like a cat. He looked up, wondering if Morgana had followed him to school after all. To Akira's knowledge, Morgana hadn't ridden the trains by himself before, but it wouldn't be a challenge for the Phantom Thief cat.

"Mrow," a cat, very similar to Morgana, stood on all fours on the outer ledge of the hallway window. When their eyes met, Akira felt like time had stopped.

"Hey, don't just space out!" Ann called out. Akira turned towards her. She was wearing a red and white gingham maid uniform and carrying a tray with five omelette rice dishes, each adorned with a ketchup heart. In the background, he heard several of Ann's regulars calling for her.

"Ann-chan! My tea is getting cold!"

"Ann-chan! It's my birthday so give me lots of love!"

Akira brought a white-gloved hand to the bridge of his nose. He had really zoned out there. He looked towards his section, a set of dainty white-clothed tables among many. His princesses didn't seem to be wanting. That was a relief.

The cafe was huge, spanning several floors, each requiring several maids and butlers. Rouge walls were accented with gold moulding. Velvetty red carpet covered the floors. Tables wrapped around the perimeter of each floor with a view into a giant open atrium, lined by gold-leafed metal railings.

Ann and Yusuke's sections were crowded as always with all types and ages. Haru, clad in red with white polka dots, was pouring coffee for one of her customers. She attracted coffee connoisseurs and those looking for a quiet place to work or read.

"If you have so much free time," Ann said in a teasing voice. "Go tell Makoto a customer is requesting her."

"Really, who?" Akira looked over the railing towards entrance way, several floors down.

Ann motioned with her head. "The one standing perfectly straight."

Akira squinted as much as his monocle would allow. The customer seemed rather ordinary, but Akira decided he didn't like him.

"Well?" Ann coaxed him.

"Where is Makoto?"

"She's in the office, doing the books." With that, Ann skipped off, somehow keeping the tray stable. Her fans were growing impatient.

Akira checked on his princesses once again before turning towards the office to look for Makoto.

––––– ––––– –––––

Futaba waited nervously by the counter for her omurice order from the kitchen. She shifted her balance from one striped over-the-knee sock to the next and held the large brown tray in front of her red maid uniform. She internally hoped the omurice would never come and she wouldn't have to go back out there.

Despite his tightly tailored jacket and restrictive high-necked shirt and tie, Yusuke was moving at lightning pace, wielding the ketchup bottle with speed and precision, not letting a drop go to waste. Fanciful and intricate hearts of ketchup along with sometimes elegant and sometimes bold calligraphy covered the omurice dishes on his trays. Similar work was done in chocolate and jam for the desserts. Futuba felt even more inadequate. All her hearts came out shaky and misshapen.

Stupid Inari, she thought.

"Aw man, I got a Yusuke order ahead of me," Ryuji noted as he walked in the service area and surveyed the tickets hanging above the counter. Even in butler attire he slouched and bowed his legs. "Give me a break."

"Y-you can go ahead of me!" Futaba offered.

"Oh no, you're not hidin' behind me," said Ryuji. "The floor manager will have my ass if I help you shirk your fans."

"I don't want to go out there!" Futaba whined.

"You should cherish your fans," Yusuke said as he flourished the ketchup bottle. "After all, Ryuji doesn't have any."

"I do so have fans!"

"Oh? Then where are they?"

"I don't want fans!" Futaba brought the tray up in front of her face. She felt her heart beat faster and faster. She started to breath quickly. Every thought of going back onto the floor made it worse. She slid down the wall behind her until she was sitting. It was getting harder and harder to breath.

Yusuke and Ryuji both stopped what they were doing and turned towards her. Futaba wished she could just disappear.

"Come on, it's okay, it's okay," Ryuji spoke uncharacteristically softly as he got down on one knee to speak with her. "It'll be fine. We're all out there with you."

"I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go." Futaba put the tray against her forehead, hiding from Yusuke, Ryuji, and the rest of the world. She was on the verge of tears. Why had she taken this job in the first place? It was stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. It made no sense! She would never take a job like this.

She would never take a job like this...

Futaba dropped the tray from her head and looked up at Yusuke and Ryuji. "Guys... this isn't real."

For a brief moment, Futaba's goggles appeared on her face. Her eyes darted around the display before it faded. "We're in a palace."

Author's Note: I've been wanting to do something with the alternate costumes and a few other things for some time.
