The Phantom Thieves, along with Akechi Goro and Kurusu Jin, found themselves in Suidobashi upon exiting the palace. Akira immediately checked his bag. Still no sign of Morgana. The group decided to head directly to Cafe LeBlanc to look for him.

Once on the train, Ann explained the basics of the Metaverse to Jin and Akechi, at Jin's request. Haru sat with them, eager to confirm her recently gained knowledge. Both of the new persona users were curiously fast learners. Ann seemed to be enjoying herself at least.

Ryuji, Yusuke, and Futaba were off in another corner of the car. Ryuji seemed to be teasing Futaba about her brief stint working at a maid cafe, much to the girl's consternation. Akira couldn't tell if Yusuke was doing the same or was just playing straight man by accident.

Watching the buildings go by, Akira wished the train could move faster. Makoto approached him, standing quietly beside him for a few minutes before speaking. "Rest for now, at least."

While his instinct was to argue, Akira knew Makoto was right. He took a seat near the others.

"How did you survive on your own inside my father's palace?" Haru asked Jin and Akechi, seeming to focus on Jin.

"Robin didn't have much trouble with the enemies," said Akechi. "Maybe you thinned them out for us?"

"Puck put most of the shadows to sleep," said Jin.

"That's amazing you found it so easy," said Haru. "I needed a lot of help from Morgana. I still do."

"I'd be happy to help as well. We can learn together," Jin smiled kindly. "Though it was sheer luck that got me past the toughest ones."

"Oh?"

"They looked mostly human in form but covered completely in black, one with blue stripes and the other with white. They were strong and could summon other shadows."

"How did you beat them?"

"I didn't. Puck is very good at dodging. Then everything started shaking and I escaped in the chaos. I wonder what kind those were."

Akira shared a knowing look with Makoto. The one in black had been in Okumura's palace the night they stole the treasure. Would they have run into him and his persona had Jin not first?

When the group arrived at Yongen-jaya, Akira rushed through the station and the streets. He murmured a short greeting as he entered LeBlanc, proceeding directly up the stairs. He barely heard Sojiro mutter in the background. "Teenagers."

Morgana was laying in Akira's bed, curled up and napping contently. Akira nearly collapsed on the floor right there, he was so relieved. The burden of carrying the team down and back up the maid cafe seemed to hit him all at once.

"Hey you stupid cat, we were worried!" Ryuji was the second to make it up the stairs.

"I'm not a cat." Morgana slowly opened his eyes and got to his feet. He stretched his back, his front legs extended out before him, very much like a cat.

"Morgana! Thank goodness!" Haru said, arriving with the others.

"What's going on?" Morgana sat, his tail slowly undulating.

"Did that cat just speak?" Jin asked, pointing at Morgana.

"Interesting," said Akechi, his eyes narrowing slightly.

"What are they doing here?" asked Morgana.

"It seems many explanations are in order," said Akechi.

The group explained Morgana's role in the Phantom Thieves to Akechi and Jin. Then they explained the days' activities in the cafe palace to Morgana.

"This is strange," said Morgana. "What do we know about Fujita Nanoha?"

"She's a television actress," said Akechi.

"Have you ever met her?" asked Makoto.

"No, I have not."

"I was able to dig her up on the Phan-Site," said Ryuji. "Someone complainin' that she's stuck up and treats the staffers on her drama like her personal servants."

"That would fit with the palace," said Yusuke.

"This seems like small beans though. We've dealt with more twisted desires in Mementos."

"Hmm," said Morgana. "You said her treasure looked different—more chaotic. Maybe something happened to her recently that caused her desires to go into overdrive. Overdrive desires led to overdrive distortion led to overdrive palace."

"What could cause such a thing? We haven't seen this even with traumatic life events," said Ann.

"I don't know."

The group fell silent.

"Has anyone here met Fujita-san?" asked Makoto.

No one spoke up.

"It seems not," said Yusuke. "Why are you asking?"

"We all played into her scenario, but some of the details, like Haru's dream in having a coffee shop, Fujita-san wouldn't know."

"Perhaps whatever drew you in also co-opted some of your own cognition," said Morgana. "The distortion was strong with Haru where the cognitions were able to work together but weak with Futaba where they weren't."

Akira immediately looked at Makoto to find she had also turned to face him. Just as quickly he turned away. Had her reaction in the palace been due to his cognition? Did she know? Did the others know?

"It's no so much fun having your heart changed," Akechi mused.

"This is different," said Akira.

"Is it?"

"We steal their distorted desires. What they do after that is up to them. No amount of stealing desires would make Futaba or Ryuji choose to work at at a maid cafe," Akira suppressed a grin. He had verbally sparred with Akechi before, but the threat of being found out had always hung over the conversation. With the Phantom Thieves identities and methods out in the open, they could have a real discussion.

"What if you stole their desire not to work at a maid cafe?"

"Such things don't manifest as treasures."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive."

"The only difference between your distorted desires and the desire not to work at a maid cafe seems to be in your own value judgement."

"My judgement? Or the judgement of the Metaverse itself?"

"That may be worse. We don't know whose judgement governs the Metaverse."

"Argh, can you guys knock it off? My head hurts," Ryuji interrupted.

Akechi gave Ryuji an expression indicating he was merely tolerating him. He then turned back to Akira. "Another time then."

Akira nodded.

"We have an infiltration route, should we send a calling card?" asked Yusuke.

"Let's get more confirmation of Fujita-san's distorted desires," said Akira.

"But how?" asked Haru.

"I may be able to get a modeling gig scheduled at the same production company," Ann volunteered. "Or maybe a small walk-on role. No telling when though."

"I haven't been getting many speaking requests lately," said Akechi. "However, I'm recognized enough there that I should be able to walk freely in the building."

Akira appreciated that Akechi's plan was the better option, but did not want to rely solely on the ace detective's information, nor was he comfortable sending anyone alone with him. "How many people do you think you could take with you?"

"Two wouldn't be a problem."

"Okumura Foods is probably a sponsor of the studio, so Haru also has a reason to be there."

"Okay!" Haru said cheerfully.

"So it's Ann and Haru then?" Akechi asked.

Akira nodded.

"Can you take one more?" asked Makoto. "I would like to go as well."

Akira stiffened, but recognized Makoto was being shrewd. She was also probably concerned for the others. Three would be safer than two and she had put Akechi in a position where it would be hard to say no.

"Very well then," Akechi spoke to Ann, Haru, and Makoto. "We'll meet at Suidobashi station after school tomorrow."

Most of the group departed shortly thereafter, with Futaba and Makoto staying behind. It was a big enough departing group to not arouse suspicions while still letting half the group discuss things without Akechi or Jin.

"They're gone," said Akira as he ascended the stairs up to his room, having seen the others out. Futaba was laying on her stomach on Akira's bed, playing with Morgana who looked less than thrilled. Makoto was examining the claw machine prizes atop the hutch of his desk.

"What was Akechi's persona like?" asked Morgana.

"Robin Hood," reported Makoto. "A shining armor with a cape and emblem. He uses both bless and curse magic. This is the first we've seen beside Joker who can do that."

"Mmm, but it doesn't sound like the strong shadows Jin described."

"If Jin is telling the truth. He was the only one who retained his mask in the palace."

"Could it be because he was already dressed like a butler?" asked Futaba.

"Maybe, but we know for a fact his persona can confuse shadows. What would happen if that skill was used on Fujita-san's shadow?"

"Most palace owners have been resistant to such tactics," said Akira.

"True. If only we had more information."

"Information is my specialty," grinned Futaba. "I've been preparing a little something for quite some time. I just have to get my hands on Akechi's phone."

"We could lift it," said Akira.

"He'd notice," said Makoto. "We have to make it seem natural. How much time will it take?"

"I can do it pretty quickly," said Futaba.

"Then we'll look for an opening, a group photo or something," said Akira. "Can we also do this for Jin?"

"It would seem awfully suspicious if we came up with excuses to get both of their phones," said Makoto. "But if the option presents itself..."

"Got it," said Futaba.

Futaba went home with Sojiro shortly thereafter and Akira walked Makoto to the station. They spoke little, both being tired from the afternoon's surprise palace activities. Time passed differently in the Metaverse, meaning they had spent a day's worth of energy in a relatively short span of real time. Akira had long since become comfortable enough with his team to spend time together without needing constant conversation, but there was still the matter of what happened in the palace to address.

"Makoto..." Akira began as they approached the platform. He planned to wait for the train with her. "About the palace..."

"Hmm?" Makoto looked up at him, her eyes not completely opening.

This was a bad idea. Akira reminded himself about the team dynamic, about not making things awkward. It could wait.

"Nevermind... it's nothing. Just... message me when you get home, alright?"

––––– ––––– –––––

Ann was surprised how quickly Makoto and Haru arrived at her classroom after school. They needed to meet up with Akechi in Suidobashi and Makoto was a bit of a task master, but Ann had barely had the chance to think about gathering her things. She started shoving her supplies in her bag. "J-just a moment."

"Someone's anxious," Haru teased.

"I just want to beat the rush," said Makoto.

"Be careful, okay?" Akira was looking Makoto in the eyes. The team advisor nodded sharply.

Having finished packing, Ann got up from her seat. Just at she was turning to leave with the others, Jin spoke to her. "Ann, wait."

Ann turned around. He was holding a wrapped gift.

"This is for you," Jin said. "A get well present, for yesterday."

"Diarampph" Makoto started to speak but Haru clamped a hand over mouth and dragged her towards the door.

"T-thanks," said Ann. "Can I open it?"

"Please."

Inside the box was a collection of sweets from Patisserie Fantome, a popular bakery where items often sold out early in the morning. Ann couldn't wait to try them. "My favorite! How did you know?"

Jin looked genuinely happy at her excitement. His eyes briefly wandered in the direction of Haru. "I asked a friend."

Ann put one of the bite-size confectionaries in her mouth and smiled widely, the treat bulging from inside one of her cheeks. She let out a high-pitched sound of contentment and waved a goodbye to Jin as she caught up with Makoto and Haru.

"The look on your face!" Haru exclaimed as the girls headed towards the Shujin Academy gates and Aoyama-Itchome station. "It was like when Morgana sees treasure."

"These are really good," said Ann, her words coming out garbled as she let the sugary goodness melt in her mouth. She held the box out. "Try one."

Haru gladly indulged while Makoto made a "pass" motion with her hand. "I'm watching my weight."

"You're so lucky Ann!" Haru enjoyed the treat. "He's a romantic."

"He's coming on too strong. You barely know him," said Makoto. "He's suspicious."

"Oh, you wouldn't like it if a boy you liked did the same for you?" Haru asked sweetly. Makoto was silent for a moment and then blushed. "Ah! I see you turning pink. Makoto has someone she likes!"

"I-I was just thinking how embarrassing it would be i-if someone made a grandiose gesture like that." Makoto had turned away from the other two girls.

Ann put another sweet into her mouth. Normally she would be skeptical of any boy bearing gifts, but something about Jin's enthusiasm, earnestness, and all around weirdness eased her worries. Without the usual warning signs, it was kind of fun to be treated special. At least Jin did his homework. Ann had been at fault for the death of many flowers in her life, which seemed to be more about what the confessor imagined in his fantasies and less about what would actually please her.

By the time they were on the train, Makoto and Haru's fairy godmother-style bickering had died down. Ann smiled. It was good to have supportive friends. It made it all the easier to ignore the some of the less friendly girls in her class.

Akechi was waiting for them on the platform when they arrived. "Shall we?"

The group returned to the studio they had found themselves in front of when they exited Fujita's palace. Ryuji had confirmed the studio produced the drama Fujita was starring in. They were likely in the right place.

"Ah Akechi-kun, I didn't know you were filming today," the receptionist was all smiles. Though Akechi's popularity had tanked as the Phantom Thieves' rose, he still had ardent supporters.

"Not as of yet, but my friend Takamaki Ann was considering a few jobs here, so I offered to give her a tour. She's with the Kaneko Agency," Akechi motioned to Ann. As a budding actress, she had to be impressed with how easily he lied. She just wished he had warned them what the story was going to be ahead of time. He leaned over the receptionist's desk, closer to the receptionist, as he spoke. "I hope this won't be any trouble for you."

"Oh," the receptionist blushed. "If it's you, I'm sure it won't be a problem. Let me print out the visitor badges."

"Wonderful!" Akechi smiled. "I'm also here with Okumura Haru, of the Okumura Foods group, and Niijima Makoto, my assistant."

Akechi motioned to the other girls as well, a satisfied smile appearing on his face as he turned toward Makoto. The student council president appeared to be struggling to contain a sour expression. Ann clenched her jaw into a smile so as not to laugh at her.

The receptionist finished printing out the badges, clasping them and their lanyards in both hands. Akechi covered her hands in his and looked at her directly and smiled. "I really appreciate this Yumi-san."

Akechi led the group into the building, heading towards the set where Fujita Nanoha's drama, Lilac Story, regularly filmed. On the way, they were overtaken by a young man carrying what looked like a very heavy case, easily the size of the suitcases they had taken to Hawaii. Sweat beaded around the man's temples. His gait was halting and unsure. A few steps later and he fell to his knees, panting.

"Are you alright?!" Haru ran over to him.

"I'll be fine." He waved her off and started to push himself to his feet.

"You should rest! Hmm... where can I get some water?"

"No! I have to get this to Nanoha-chan as quickly as possible!"

"Ah. Are you a production assistant on Lilac Story?" Akechi asked.

"No... I have a small role in Four Brothers High School."

"Then why are you doing this?"

"Are you kidding?" the young actor looked at Akechi incredulously. "You guys must be new here. Nanoha-chan is the president's daughter. If you don't do as she tells you, your career is over! If you want to keep acting, don't cross her."

The man took off, dragging the large case behind him.

"Well," said Akechi. "Things are certainly more widespread than we thought. 'Fujita' must be a stage name."

"It's tough enough to break into this industry," Ann said. "To be blacklisted like that would be heart-breaking."

The group continued on, eventually making their way to the set of Lilac Story. Fujita was filming. She was indeed very pretty. Looking at her, Ann felt like she needed to step up her own game. Fujita seemed perfectly sweet on the set, matching the image of her portrayed in the press. However, Ann noticed that anything Fujita asked for from anyone was delivered promptly. Furthermore, Fujita used cue cards rather than memorizing her lines, odd for someone in a high profile role.

Suddenly another young woman rushed into the room. Based on her outfit, she seemed to be one of the production staff. She looked like she was about to cry. Fujita stopped the scene short to address the woman. "Ah Harada-san, do you have it?"

"N-no, sorry Nanoha-chan, I waited all day but they were sold out," Harada bowed deeply and stated her words loudly.

"Oh," Fujita looked sad. "They were limited to today only too. Did you not leave early enough?"

"They wouldn't let us line up until six... and then it was a mob. I'm so sorry Nanoha-chan. Please forgive me."

As the group watched the scene unfold, one of the other staffers standing near Ann and the others spoke under her breath. "Poor Harada-san. She'll be gone by morning."

"I hear her mother's sick," said another staffer. "She'll need to change careers. Sakai-san hasn't been able to get a position at the other studios."

"I wish I could transfer, but even that..."

"Why doesn't she just hire other people to do this stuff for her?" whispered Haru.

"Because she doesn't have to," the staffer said bitterly.

––––– ––––– –––––

With ten people, even the large storage area Akira and Sakura-san had fashioned into a bedroom was going to seem cramped, especially when two of those people weren't exactly friends. Makoto understood they really didn't have much choice when it came to Akechi, but still had misgivings about Jin. Every one of the Phantom Thieves, with maybe the exception of Akira and Morgana, had entered the Metaverse when they had some stake in the palace distortion. Jin had no connection to Okumura.

"But if Jin isn't our enemy, having more persona users would make fighting shadows easier," said Morgana. "And it sounds like he's seen the one in black before, that's useful."

"The keyword there is if," Makoto argued back.

"Let's take him with us," Akira decided. "At least we can keep an eye on him."

Makoto considered mentioning the difficulty of keeping watch of both Akechi and Jin at the same time, but didn't want to argue Akira's decision. He didn't speak lightly. "Okay."

Akira messaged Jin, Akechi, and the rest of the Phantom Thieves to meet. Over the next half an hour, the other students entered Cafe LeBlanc. Futaba was first, living close by and not attending classes. Yusuke was last, likely having gotten distracted on the way over.

"Our first order of business," Makoto's student council president tone slipped out. "Kurusu Jin: we've explained how we operate. Do you want to join the Phantom Thieves?"

"If you'll have me," Jin answered immediately.

"There's no need to rush to a decision. It's dangerous-"

"And morally questionable," Akechi interrupted. Makoto decided not to rise to his baiting.

"It will be less dangerous with a group that has my back," said Jin. "Next time I suddenly enter a palace, someone will come looking for me."

"We don't know if this phenomenon will repeat," said Makoto.

"Anyway, I'm happy to experience a little danger to protect Ann."

Makoto spotted Ryuji in the corner making a fake vomiting gesture, simulating his finger going down his throat. She coughed to suppress a smile. "Well then, with that settled, the next matter is Fujita Nanoha. Yesterday we observed several people at the studio running errands for her. They claimed they were doing it under the threat of being blacklisted. We learned Fujita-san is the daughter of the studio president."

"So," said Yusuke. "She complains to her father about someone and they're punished for it?"

"Exactly."

"Destroying the careers of others..." Yusuke had a grim expression. Many artists had suffered a similar fate due to his mentor, Madarame.

"So we were right," said Ryuji. "She sees everyone as servants."

"It's strange we didn't see evidence of mistreating them in the palace," said Yusuke.

"Mm... but we were all afraid of the floor managers, even before we knew they were shadows," said Haru.

"That fits what we saw at the studio," said Ann. "Fujita-san is seems very kind in person, but all the employees were on edge."

"Any objections to stealing Fujita-san's treasure?" asked Makoto.

"Only my blanket objection to the Phantom Thieves," said Akechi. No one else said anything.

"Let's send a calling card then," said Akira. "We don't know what the palace may do. We need to take care of it quickly."
